Maas User Requirement Update (#1345)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/02-data-center/01-maas/15-create-manage-maas-clusters.md

- A cluster profile for the MAAS environment. Review [Cluster Profiles](/cluster-profiles) for more information. 

> - Available matching base image for the selected OS version in the MAAS configuration. Review [How to use standard images](https://maas.io/docs/how-to-use-standard-images).

Author: Fixed.

> - A verified matching base image for the selected OS of your MAAS configuration. Review [How to use standard images](https://maas.io/docs/how-to-use-standard-images) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify that the required Operating System (OS) images you use in your cluster profiles are downloaded and available in your MaaS environment. Review the [How to use standard images](https://maas.io/docs/how-to-use-standard-images) for guidance on downloading OS images for MaaS.
```
Help the user with plain language.

<br />

# Upgrading a MAAS Cluster

Upgrading a cluster involves careful planning and executing the upgrade while minimizing disruptions to your applications and services. Spectro Cloud provides an intuitive and streamlined upgrade process through the MAAS, simplifying the entire process.

To learn more about managing a cluster, refer to [Manage Clusters](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/clusters/cluster-management/cluster-updates).

> <Warning Box>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<WarningBox>
```

When you use a new pack for a specific OS version with MAAS, the absence of the corresponding base image for that OS version in your MAAS configuration can cause errors in Palette.

Ensure you have obtained and imported the correct base image for the required OS version in the MAAS management interface to fix this problem. By doing this, you can eliminate issues and successfully use the Palette pack for the chosen OS version.

Store the corresponding base image in MAAS to enable seamless integration with the desired OS version and prevent compatibility issues.

> </Warning Box>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</WarningBox>
```

<br />

# Upgrade a MAAS Cluster

Upgrade a MAAS cluster to enhance the performance and functionality of the cluster. To learn more about managing a MAAS cluster, refer to [Manage Clusters](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/clusters/cluster-management/cluster-updates). 

> To protect your data, create a backup of your MAAS cluster before proceeding with any upgrades or changes using the instructions provided in the [Backup and Restore](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/clusters/cluster-management/backup-restore).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To protect your data, we recommend you create a backup of your MAAS cluster before proceeding with any upgrades or infrastructure changes. Review instructions provided in the [Backup and Restore](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/clusters/cluster-management/backup-restore).
```
Just a minor suggestion to improve the message.

<br /> 

<WarningBox>

> Ensure that the Operating System (OS) image selected for your cluster are downloaded and available with your MAAS configuration to eliminate errors in Pallete. You can refer to the [How to use standard images](https://maas.io/docs/how-to-customise-images) guide for instructions on downloading OS images compatible with their respective MAAS environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the OS image selected for your cluster is downloaded and available in your MAAS environment to avoid cluster deployment. You can refer to the [How to use standard images](https://maas.io/docs/how-to-customise-images) guide for instructions on downloading OS images compatible with their respective MAAS environment.
```

<br />

> # Upgrading a MAAS Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Upgrade a MAAS Cluster
```
We don't use start with verbs in the `ing` form.

Author: Yep. Edited.

Upgrading a cluster involves careful planning and executing the upgrade while minimizing disruptions to your applications and services. Spectro Cloud provides an intuitive and streamlined upgrade process through the MAAS, simplifying the entire process.

> 

Reviewer: Address the user, don't use Spectro Cloud,  as it separates us from the reader. 
The other statement, "Spectro Cloud provides an intuitive and streamlined upgrade process through the MAAS, simplifying the entire process."  Remove this, unless you have gone through the process and can validate it's simple. Otherwise, it's a frustrating statement to read. This is what we talked about in the last team meeting about avoid terms like simple, easy, etc.

Author: Yes, Karl. This was something extra, this wasn't supposed to be there. My bad.

> To learn more about managing a cluster, refer to [Manage Clusters](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/clusters/cluster-management/cluster-updates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about managing a cluster, refer to [Manage Clusters](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/clusters/cluster-management/cluster-updates).

<br />
```

Add a breakline between content and a box element.

Author: Done.

<WarningBox>

When you use a new pack for a specific OS version with MAAS, the absence of the corresponding base image for that OS version in your MAAS configuration can cause errors in Palette.

Ensure you have obtained and imported the correct base image for the required OS version in the MAAS management interface to fix this problem. By doing this, you can eliminate issues and successfully use the Palette pack for the chosen OS version.

> Store the corresponding base image in MAAS to enable seamless integration with the desired OS version and prevent compatibility issues.

Reviewer: Use simpler language, and shorten this. We don't want long paragraphs in a box element. Also, link to the download page docs from MaaS.

Author: Hi Karl, I have shortened it. Could you let me know once if it's okay? I have added the required information the user needs to avoid generating the error.

<br />

# Upgrade a MAAS Cluster

> If you plan to upgrade your MAAS cluster, you should plan and execute it carefully. It helps minimize disruptions to your applications and services and avoid conflicts when managing a MAAS cluster. 

Reviewer: We should probably tell them to review the upgrade reference page and advice them to take a backup of the cluster.

- https://docs.spectrocloud.com/clusters/cluster-management/backup-restore

To learn more about managing a MAAS cluster, refer to [Manage Clusters](https://docs.spectrocloud.com/clusters/cluster-management/cluster-updates).

<br /> 

<WarningBox>

When you use a new pack for the selected OS version with MAAS, you must obtain and import its correct base image in the MAAS management interface to eliminate errors in Pallete.

> It ensures the base image matches your selected OS version and successfully uses the Palette pack for the chosen OS version.  To learn more about deploying custom OS images with MAAS, refer to the [How to customise images

Author: ```suggestion
It ensures the base image matches your selected OS version and successfully uses the Palette pack for the chosen OS version. To learn more about deploying custom OS images with MAAS, refer to the [How to customise images
```

](https://maas.io/docs/how-to-customise-images) guide.

> 

Reviewer: Let's simplify it a bit more.
